wooden_bowl food_cabinet
brown_pail wall_shelf
mixed_nuts coffee_table
blue_cup kitchen_unit
pink_cup kitchen_unit
orange_biscuits food_cabinet
yellow_biscuits food_cabinet
watering_can rubbish_bin
flashlight wall_shelf
blue_fork rubbish_bin
green_spoon food_cabinet
gray_knife  food_cabinet
pink_biscuits food_cabinet
yellow_clock coffee_table
aluminium_foil kitchen_unit
green_dish rubbish_bin
yellow_dish kitchen_unit
pink_bowl kitchen_unit
blue_bowl kitchen_unit
mineral_water rubbish_bin
oolong_tea coffee_table
ketchup refrigerator
canned_mustard refrigerator
orange_drink coffee_table
green_drink coffee_table
tomato refrigerator
potato refrigerator
plant wall_shelf
spray wall_shelf
water_bottle wall_shelf
blueberry_drink refrigerator
eggplant rubbish_bin
hedgehog_plush_toy plush_doll
rabbit_plush_toy plush_doll
dog_plush_toy plush_doll
bus_toy_car toy_car
fire_engine_toy_car toy_car
police_toy_car toy_car
whistle_sound_toy sound_toy
shaker_sound_toy sound_toy
horn_sound_toy sound_toy
cube_block block
triangular_block block
cylinder_block block
